cherokee key talk a lot now
board
I'll tell you right away that for standard
human wide board used in
for the purpose of making it easier on her corner
will land after a file for example about what
you make a fleet list and that is on
wider easier to land
the narrower board is easy to spin and easy
make gripes so not everyone's business for
standard person
choose a board itself not the size
too big was useful for you
too small now i will show you
example on
remember my board terema ah what is the most
My lovely
pies board and here is my burkina
that is, so that the crust is hanging
a centimeter by 4 5 that the cubes also
became farther it was with your feet hanging there
I would also not understand the exchange
acquaintances have a dude he's tall and him
gave a little creak ride like that
he couldn't do what he needed me
here many are just the length of men
No chest so choose yourself
board size no cherokee
After all, this board all work on she now
me to use
further other 10 crack shorter than you understand
and when you get up like that from above on
which naturally begins to stratify
things are no more than these doses
hooks are used to presented
so the second board in size and need
same by the way, see when
you collect skate or buy to
suspension did not go preferably for now
these sides are something like this
the distance was not to
bulging in wheels
here or too need so second board
board also sandpaper element not like
or is it more small I search better
all complicated and two more that is they are simpler
learn to spin not on landing
of course after that on a narrow board
not really an option on but still twist
and
I saw the board so to speak
everyday board normal
I really like the size of things and we
just all sizes on it but also under
everything right is convenient and good so what else
I wanted to say I grease the bearings
olive oil and either sunny so
love
no really and not wanted to say
and all your skin by the way too
priperlis buy a new skin and
it is very easy for client to stick
opens old skin on horseradish parts
man
In short, the old skin comes off the bread
preferably pasted over
unscrew the suspension so that it was convenient for you
do everything when you blew the skin
stick on top exactly this chicken
then with a file or
press start to glue on the side and
pressing so that you don't have bubbles
glue on every bark
Penechka is a little thing around the edges.
ios worth the huge success then take
distress or little knife and careful
srezhet cut and then remains
sandpaper brother of the river is generally a plan so
that everything seems to be what I wanted to say
taught to leave
wannabiz all happy and